README.md, before:

to build a geant4 executable:
. /usr/local/share/Geant4-10.5.1/geant4make/geant4make.sh
mkdir build; cd build; cmake ..; make

to rebuild a geant4 executable after a source change:
(to run with a new .mac file, copy the changed mac file into the build dir first)
cd build; make

to run a geant4 executable (from build/ subdir):
. /usr/local/bin/geant4.sh
cd build; ./exampleB1

edge-on monochromatic 11 keV / 18 keV:
mza@ubuntu18-04:~/build/XRM/build$ cp ../*.mac .; ./exampleB1 HER-N-bunches.mac > HER.log ; ./exampleB1 LER-N-bunches.mac > LER.log; grep -c deposited *.log
HER.log:70
LER.log:133

face-on monochromatic 11 keV / 18 keV:
mza@ubuntu18-04:~/build/XRM/build$ cp ../*.mac .; ./exampleB1 HER-N-bunches.mac > HER.log ; ./exampleB1 LER-N-bunches.mac > LER.log; grep -c deposited *.log
HER.log:389
LER.log:228

bulk silicon cube for reference:
mza@ubuntu18-04:~/build/XRM$ ./go.sh
HER.log:8743
LER.log:21457

edge-on including InvSynFracInt with critial energy 7.18 keV / 4.458 keV:
mza@ubuntu18-04:~/build/XRM$ ./go.sh
HER.log:627
LER.log:723

face-on including InvSynFracInt with critial energy 7.18 keV / 4.458 keV:
mza@ubuntu18-04:~/build/XRM$ ./go.sh
HER.log:282
LER.log:381

Commit message:

generates all 6 situations with some defines and a modification to the cmake file: HER/LER : edge_on/face_on/bulk_si; uses pyroot to generate plots; added image of detector geometry

README.md, after:

This project is to simulate the expected flux of x-ray photons and the energy depoisted in a silicon strip sensor instrumented on the Low Energy Ring (LER) and the High Energy Ring (HER) at SuperKEKB.

The "exampleB1" code is modified from the example project of the same name that comes with geant4.

helpful notes:

to build a geant4 executable:
. /usr/local/share/Geant4-10.5.1/geant4make/geant4make.sh
mkdir build; cd build; cmake ..; make

to rebuild a geant4 executable after a source change:
(to run with a new .mac file, copy the changed mac file into the build dir first)
cd build; make

to run a geant4 executable (from build/ subdir):
. /usr/local/bin/geant4.sh
cd build; ./edge_on

preliminary results:

edge-on monochromatic 11 keV / 18 keV:
mza@ubuntu18-04:~/build/XRM/build$ cp ../*.mac .; ./exampleB1 HER-N-bunches.mac > HER.log ; ./exampleB1 LER-N-bunches.mac > LER.log; grep -c deposited *.log
HER.log:70
LER.log:133

face-on monochromatic 11 keV / 18 keV:
mza@ubuntu18-04:~/build/XRM/build$ cp ../*.mac .; ./exampleB1 HER-N-bunches.mac > HER.log ; ./exampleB1 LER-N-bunches.mac > LER.log; grep -c deposited *.log
HER.log:389
LER.log:228

bulk_si: bulk silicon cube in beampipe including SR spectrum (InvSynFracInt) with critial energy 7.18 keV / 4.458 keV
edge_on: including SR spectrum (InvSynFracInt) with critial energy 7.18 keV / 4.458 keV
face_on: including SR spectrum (InvSynFracInt) with critial energy 7.18 keV / 4.458 keV

mza@ubuntu18-04:~/build/XRM$ ./go.sh
-- Configuring done
-- Generating done
-- Build files have been written to: /home/mza/build/XRM/build
[ 33%] Built target bulk_si
[ 66%] Built target face_on
[100%] Built target edge_on
read 8743 lines from file HER-bulk_si.summary
read 21457 lines from file LER-bulk_si.summary
read 627 lines from file HER-edge_on.summary
read 723 lines from file LER-edge_on.summary
read 282 lines from file HER-face_on.summary
read 381 lines from file LER-face_on.summary
